introducing the all-new outdoor cooking
tool that does it all the blacktop 360
party hub Grill fryer with four unique
cooking surfaces in our revolutionary
cooking platform the blacktop 360 is the
center of the party grill up steaks
chicken burgers and more on the infrared
grill the premier barbecue heating
technologies capable of reaching
temperatures of up to 650 degrees fire
up the griddle and whip up some pancakes
hobbits french toast and bacon then heat
up the deep fryer for your favorite
party foods like shrimp chicken fingers
or onion rings and keep your tasty
treats hot and ready on the built-in
warming tray the incredible versatility
of the blacktop through 60 takes outdoor
cooking to the next level no other grill
lets you cook french fries
pork chops and grilled cheese sandwiches
all at the same time the blacktop 360 is
powered by a one pound propane tank or a
larger tank with an optional hose
attachment and the entire cooking
surface is a durable double porcelain
nonstick enamel finish cleanup is fast
and easy just wipe down the cooking
surface with a damp cloth or paper towel
and the insulated oil container allows
for easy and safe oil transport and
disposal it also comes with a
three-position lid and this bamboo
cutting board and side table when you're
ready to hit the road the blacktop 360
stores easily in its own carrying case
to keep your car clean you get it all
the blacktop 360 party hub grill fryer
the insulated oil container the three
position lid the bamboo cutting board
and the durable carrying case all for
one amazing low price so join the party
and get the portable diner that will
revolutionize your outdoor cooking
experience the blacktop 360 party hub
grill fryer